In this course, you obviously learned a lot about node and how to write node code and build web servers
or web applications with node because that really is its main thing.
But node and npm, the package manager we get for free when installing nodejs can also be used as a build
tool,
so as a tool that runs utility scripts on your computer and can help you with building, any mostly javascript
driven project and that does not have to be a web application or a server side web application if it
is one, it could be a frontend web application too
like the react app we had in this course, the frontend for the rest and the graphql API. And in this
module we'll briefly dive into that and I'll explain why that is the case, what exactly npm is and how
we can use it and how we can use node as a build tool.